well howdy there and I know the people
it's Bo again no a country a lot like a
person it's just stories they're just
the sum of their collected stories
that's the character of the nation if I
was to say which country is most likely
to surrender without a fight
a whole bunch of people right now are
thinking of the French and they're all
Americans because nowhere else in the
world does France have that reputation
just with Americans because in our
stories even though it isn't really
deserved that's the reputation that came
through and that shapes the character
these stories are being written
constantly they're being written today
the stories that make up the United
States is character or being written or
right now had a conversation a couple of
weeks ago and since then I've seen it
repeatedly in Internet talking points
basically when people are arguing told
me that I need to be careful about what
I said and that the fact that I say this
proof that I don't really believe the
country is headed towards fascism
because if I believed it I wouldn't say
it because you know if we are headed
there while the government will find a
way to arrest me
Wow okay then he went on to do the whole
and think of your kids okay yeah I mean
I suppose that's true I suppose that is
true that gets out of hand that could
happen I'm not sure that suggesting
people imagine themselves being ripped
away from their families unjustly is
gonna have the effect do you think it's
gonna have in this particular case
because I mean that's kind of why a lot
of people are getting motivated but it's
a little unnerving because people are
already starting to accept the actions
of a fascist government they're already
moving towards well you better not say
that or they'll get you rather than the
government is wrong for behaving in that
way it's unnerving and that is the story
that is being written right now that's
the story that's coming out these are
little conversations they become part of
America's collection of stories I'm
certain that in the future museums will
have printouts of internet conversations
then highlight the tone of the country
I'm sure that'll be a thing you know
they have letters if you go to museums
today you'll see collections of letters
and and those are used to frame the
context of things and to help write
those stories so that we can explain
later on what was happening in the
country while major events were
occurring
you know we focused today on the
political talking points of the pundits
and the politicians and we watch those
debates we don't watch the debates of
the historians or the experts in
political violence or the experts in
political sign
we don't watch those debates because
there aren't any there's a pretty broad
consensus that we're headed down a
pretty dark road and that's the story
we're writing I think it's probably
worth mentioning that right now the
Smithsonian is trying to get their hands
on drawings made by children in camps
down on the border that's already become
part of the story what's happening there
is part of America's history now the
question is when it gets framed how is
it going to be framed
is it going to be framed as an
out-of-control administration and the
people spoke up and and and squashed it
or is there an out-of-control
administration that was allowed to
proceed because people were afraid
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night